Title: Executive MBA Programs in Pepperdine
Date: 2008-04-01 09:32
Author: Admin
Category: 未分类
Slug: executive-mba-programs-in-pepperdine

EMBA is widely known as Executive Master of Business Administration.
Pepperdine University offers an highly acclaimed [Executive MBA
program][], which is among the top-ranked EMBA programs in the United
States. The 20-month program is designed specially for training
experienced managers or excutives to efficiently take control of their
organizations. Focusing on leadership and real-world strategy, the
innovative curriculum and collaborative learning atmosphere will help
you apply what you learned to solve problems you meet in the
marketplace.

</p>

Enrolling in this EMBA program in Pepperdine, is definitely an
investment with immediate return. With the knowledge and skills you
acquire in this program, you will be able to lead and manage your
organization more effectively. What is more, through the collaborative
team and large alumni network, you will establish a solid and enduring
network.

</p>

A "cohort" format is utilized in the EMBA program, which means your
classmates remain together as an 18-25 persons group throughout the
program. Therefore, you can establish professional and personal
connections with other business people.

</p>

Pepperdine's EMBA program is offered in Southern California and Northern
California, so that you can choose the appropriate location for you.
Don't worry about your schedule, because the classes meet on weekends to
accomodate your busy schedule.

</p>

If you are interested and want to know more about this program, please
check [the website of EMBA program][Executive MBA program] in Pepperdine
University.

</p>

  [Executive MBA program]: http://bschool.pepperdine.edu/programs/executive/
