Title: [VOA听写] 2008-03-05
Date: 2008-03-05 08:48
Author: Admin
Category: 英语学习
Tags: VOA, 学习, 英语
Slug: voa-dictation-20080305

*欢迎来到“杂乱的书桌”每天准时为你带来的VOA听写，本期是关于中年危机以及哈利王子从阿富汗回到英国的新闻的第二部分。还犹豫什么，赶紧和Hugh一起加入到学习英语，锻炼听写的队伍中来吧！*  

今天是听写的第三天，对于慢速VOA的感觉依然不错，问题仍然是一些专有名词，比如说人名，地名；对于标准VOA，语速以及发音仍然是问题所在。语速导致有些连读或者吞音的地方不容易听出来，虽然不太影响对整句意思的理解，但是这也正是听写和听的区别，尤其是像has，this，out，of，to这种小词有的时候很难辨别出来。连读确实也是需要提高的地方，因为自己说英语也不太注意连读，所以听写自然就出问题了。  

第三天的任务完成，今天因为[上一篇关于iPod的文章][]的缘故，听写时间被推迟了。国内的朋友已经是下午了，大家赶紧行动起来，开始今天的听写吧!

  
![][]

  

**Title**: Midlife Crisis and U (2 of 2)  
  
**Hints**: N/A  
  
**Key Points**: N/A  
  
**Source**: [下载地址][]（来自沪江论坛）  
  
  
`Or perhaps people who are happier live longer, and this is responsible for a growing of percentage of happy older people. Or, he says, maybe people have seen others their age die, and they value more their remaining years. The report is to be published in the journal Social Science and Medicine. `

Last December, government researchers reported a big increase in
suicides among middle-aged people in United States. They looked at
injury-related death rates by age group from 1999 to 2004. They found
that suicide increased almost 20 percent among people ages 45 to 54. No
one is sure why.

By comparison, rate generally fell for 65 and older, And for people 20
to 29, the suicide rate is nearly unchanged.

The report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, noted
that the findings are subject to some limitations. For example,
accidental drug poisonings might sometimes be mistaken for suicides.

Overall, suicides in the United States increase 4 percent from 1999 to
2004. That year, 32,400 people took their lives.</code>  
  
  
![][]**Title**: Prince Harry Returns to Britain After Deployment
Disclosed (2 of 2)  
  
**Hints**: Taliban, Dickie Arbiter, Afghanistan  
  
**Keypoints**: out of harm's way, been out there, at the sharp end,
以及一些小词的辨识  
  
**Source**: [下载地址][1]（来自沪江论坛）  
  
  
`For ten weeks, the third in line to the throne worked as a forward air controller, a job that included calling in air strikes on Taliban targets. `

But when foreign media blew Harry's cover, and the British media
followed, Defensive Officials in London activated contingency plans to
get Harry out of harm's way and back to Britain.

Although the Prince didn't complete his tour, former palace spokesman
Dickie Arbiter says it was still a successful deployment and the
government's agreement with major British media to blackout the coverage
of Harry did work for a while.

“It did survive for ten weeks, and Harry has got his wish, been out
there, at the sharp end. Done a job that he has been trained to do. And,
and come home, and come home a little bit earlier than you should have
done.”

The 23-years-old Prince will now have a month of rest and relaxation
before resuming his army life. In comments released to the media earlier
this week, Prince Harry said he liked being a normal person. He said
about his service in Afghanistan that this was about as normal as he
would ever get.</code>

  [上一篇关于iPod的文章]: http://www.quhuashuai.com/2008/03/100-ways-make-your-ipod-a-better-learning-tool/
  []: http://www.quhuashuai.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/03/small-voa.gif
  [下载地址]: http://voa.hjbbs.com/voasp/rm/2008/03/20080305.mp3
  [1]: http://voa.hjbbs.com/voa/rm/2008/03/20080305.mp3
