Title: [VOA听写] 2008-03-06
Date: 2008-03-06 07:08
Author: Admin
Category: 英语学习
Tags: VOA, 学习, 英语
Slug: voa-dictation-20080306

*欢迎来到“杂乱的书桌”每天准时为你带来的VOA听写，本期是关于ADHD以及知识产权新闻的第一部分。还犹豫什么，赶紧和Hugh一起加入到学习英语，锻炼听写的队伍中来吧！*

今天是听写的第四天，在慢速和标准上面都遇到了一些小麻烦，听了这四天的VOA，虽然没有认真研究到底有哪些问题，不过还是隐约感觉到自己在某些发音的辨识上总是出错误，等坚持的时间长了早好好分析分析。今天的标准VOA是这几天听的最差的一个了，播音员的部分就出现了很多问题，被采访的那段更是惨不忍睹，听了好多遍，还是没有习惯那些很奇怪的英语口音，不知道今天这哥们是哪的，大家听听看？

第四天的任务完成，Hugh这里是早上七点十分，准备吃早饭去学校了。国内的朋友已经是下午了，大家赶紧行动起来，开始今天的听写吧!

![][] **Title**: What to Do About ADHD in Children (1 of 2)

</p>
**Hints**: Susan Smalley, University of California, Los Angeles,
Finland, psychiatry

**Key Points**: finish tasks, say the cause, lead/led

**Source**: [下载地址][]（来自沪江论坛）

`We continue our theories on learning disabilities with a problem that is not considered  a learning disability by itself, but it can affect learning. Our subject is attention-deficit disorder (ADD), and the related form ADHD (attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder). These affect estimated 5 to 10 percent of children worldwide. `

Children who forget easily and never seem to finish tasks or pay
attention might be found to have ADD. If, in addition, they seem overly
active or unable to control their behavior, a doctor might say it is
ADHD.

Experts say the cause involves a chemical imbalance in the brain. It can
affect not only school, but also personal relationships. and the ability
to keep a job later in life. Many of those affected also have learning
disabilities or suffer from depression.

Medicines can produce calmer, clearer thinking for periods of time, but
drugs also have side effects, like weight loss and sleep problems. And
there is a debate about the morality of medicating children. Susan
Smalley is a psychiatry professor at the University of California, Los
Angeles. She just led the study on ADHD in northern Finland. </code>  
  
  
  
![][]**Title**: Company Executives Unites to Fight Piracy (1 of 2)

**Hints**: International Chamber of Commerce, BASCAP, G-8, Guy Sebban

**Keypoints**: stem, issued a set of, have recognized now that

**Source**: [下载地址][1]（来自沪江论坛）

`In 2004, the International Chamber of Commerce launched BASCAP, business action to stop counterfeiting and piracy, to stem the surge intellectual property theft.  BASCAP's  leadership group of  top corporate executives issued a set of recommendations for a global anti-counterfeiting treaty being negotiated by major trading nations.They also called on the G-8 industrialized nations to lead the way in enforcing laws already on the books. `

The corporate executives announced plans for an international campaign
to educate consumers in the high cost of piracy. Guy Sebban, the head of
the International Chamber of Commerce, says the education campaign
represents an evolution in the group's thinking.

“We have recognized that we cannot limit our actions by acting only on
the supply side, we have to take into account also the demand side. And
we are launching different actions to convince the consumers of the
importance of this problem, and especially putting at the forefront
question linked with health and safety.”

The group said that health and safety issues are important part of the
anti-counterfeiting message.</code>[display\_podcast]

  []: http://www.quhuashuai.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/03/small-voa.gif
  [下载地址]: http://voa.hjbbs.com/voasp/rm/2008/03/20080306.mp3
  [1]: http://voa.hjbbs.com/voa/rm/2008/03/20080306.mp3
